Backlog Item 														Estimate (in hours)

(commandHandler)
Allow user to use to take output of any command and redirect it 	5
to a file. If that file does not exist, create it. If it does
exist, the user may overwrite its contents or append to them,
depending on whether they use ">" or ">>". 
This can be done with any of the commands implemented below.


(errors)
Return an error to the user when what they input is not a command.	2

Return an error to the user when the incorrect number of			3
arguments are provided for a particular command.

Return an error to the user when the file or directory a user 		3
is searching for (either directly or as part of a command, ie. cd)
cannot be found.


(ls)
Allow user to recursively print all child files and directories 	4
of a specified directory and all directories and files it 
contains.

(echo)
Allow user to print a string to the terminal using echo. Echo		3
redirects to file only if specified by the user.
that
(mv)
Allow user to move a file from one location to another, 			3
specified by path.

Allow user to move a directory (and recursively move all			3
the contents of that directory, if they exist) to a new 
location.

(cp)
Allow user to copy a file from one location to another.				3

Allow user to copy a directory (and all contents, if they			3
exist) to a new location.

(cat)
Allow user to print multiple files to the terminal at once.			3

(get URL)
Allow user to add a file from a web address to the current 			4
working directory.

(man)
Update man to include the new commands and the old					2
commands' updated requirements.

(save)
Allow user to save the JShell as it currently is, to be loaded		8
in ANOTHER SESSION of the JShell. This includes current working
directory, directory/file structure, history, etc.

(load)
Allow user to load a previously saved JShell state to the			5
current session of the JShell.

(find)
Allow user to search for files or directory in specified    		3
directories. This should search all children of those directories
as well.

(tree)
Allow user to display the entire file system as a branching			4
tree starting from the root directory.

